Add Josh video to career progression and disability page (#4729)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/accessibility-adjustments.md

  financial-support:
    link_target: "/funding-and-support/if-youre-disabled"
    link_text: "Find out more about financial support if you're disabled"
youtube_video:
  what-teaching-taught-me:
    id: mclRhi4CHZY

>     title: A video about what a career in teaching taught biology ths teacher Josh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: A video about what a career in teaching taught biology teacher Josh
```

Reviewer: As per previous comment - should this be `science teacher`?

Author: ```suggestion
    title: A video about what a career in teaching taught science teacher Josh
```
